Update redirected URLs (part 40) (#15808)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcdatachannel/index.md

## Data format

> The underlying data format is defined by the IEEE draft specification [`draft-ietf-mmusic-sctp-sdp`](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc8841/). The current format specifies its protocol as either `"UDP/DTLS/SCTP"` (UDP carrying DTLS carrying SCTP) or `"TCP/DTLS/SCTP"` (TCP carrying DTLS carrying SCTP). Older browsers may only specify `"DTLS/SCTP"`.

Author: ```suggestion
The underlying data format is defined by the IEEE specification [SDP Offer/Answer Procedures for SCTP over DTLS Transport(RFC 8841)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc8841/). The current format specifies its protocol as either `"UDP/DTLS/SCTP"` (UDP carrying DTLS carrying SCTP) or `"TCP/DTLS/SCTP"` (TCP carrying DTLS carrying SCTP). Older browsers may only specify `"DTLS/SCTP"`.
```
